# Tri-County
 Tri-County

This uses Johns Hopkins COVID-19 data for the USA cumulative confirmed case data, to date. This is scaled down to the population of 18,000 for Brewster, Jeff Davis, and Presidio counties (Tri-County) in West Texas, for comparative purposes. The idea is to use existing data to estimate what the effect will be here. I got tired of reading the news headlines, which used absolute numbers with little meaning (like the way stock market ups and downs are reported), so decided this was a way to address that. This is updated with more recent data every few days. You can view by clicking on the link, or download the accompanying zipfile that contains all four pdf files.

Two files with sample graphs are present, to help get a feel what these distributions look like, and also to appreciate how this disease is progressing at different phases and rates in various countries. These have been put on a per capita basis whenever possible, which is more meaningful than simply absolute numbers. One is global, the other contains Texas and other points of interest. Depending on your browser or device, you may need to go a tab that says "View Code" or "Jump to File" to see these files. A file called "Comments" just points out significant events or items; this file may change a bit subtly, so it's worth re-reading, even though it may look superficially like what you just read a few days before. There is an additional "Experimental" file that shows the ratio of curve fitted confirmed case ratio'd with death incidence. "Details on Ro you may or may not be interested in" file goes into a bit more detail on what Ro numbers are, the effect of false positives, and other interesting points.

The two commentary pdf files have links in them that don't really work in the viewer--if you want to activate them, just download the pdfs and click on them from within the pdfs.

Dave Leet, Alpine, TX 